I
Oh
No, you've got it
No, you're just a yo, I should have shot but not only so
Do you know the way oh, yeah, I need it's no money check out the car
Gonna let us know how man down
なんかうめき声聞こえるから気になって窓から入ってきちゃった
Oh
I
We started
Solo de学 a
Leave us a theatre media them Tommy humor our fan aid
Yes, madam to the know heaven okay theендening and bow so the kid
I don't know until I ask my fucking parents.
Parents give you so much.
Good things...
and bad things.
I don't know until I ask my parents.
Good things...
and bad things.
I don't know until I ask my parents.
Yeah!
Good things...
and bad things.
Graffiti, feet of fire, ninja.
All I know is graffiti.
Lies, lies, lies, lies.
Who cleans?
Who's the loser?
What's the real point?
Talkin' about somebody
Never let me go
It's fucking time
Yeah!
Love, money, and sadness
The days are rich and clean
And you'll face it
I want you to hold me tight
And crush me
We can work on this even further.
That's cool.
Ba-boom!
Da-da-da!
So, until Ludo-kun's full face is ready,
you'll have to go prepare for the last step.
Full face?
Prepare for what?
When we cleaners go out to the field,
we have a duty to wear it.
This.
Oh, how nostalgic.
There's an artist who's been working for us.
He's the one who made our full faces and clothes.
But if we decide on a date, we can't get it right.
So we're just following his pace.
He was too late to prepare for the last step.
So you're saying you'll prepare until you can do it.
That's right.
To put it simply,
you'll have to cast a spell.
What spell?
I don't know what will happen.
The moment you step on the trash,
boom.
There are not many cases where you're half-dead.
To minimize that risk,
I'll cast a spell on a certain giver.
No, I'll have him draw.
Draw?
The boss said he was free to do so,
so I came to the cleaner's sometimes to draw.
But I haven't seen him lately.
I wonder if he's busy.
He's been busy all day.
What do you mean?
Where are you going?
To the town of the graffiti.
It's called Canvas Town.
And this time,
the members who will be joining the search for a woman in the area...
These guys.
I'm from Akuta.
Zankan, Ryo, and me.
I'm from Eager.
Belmon, Tamuji.
My supporters are Gris, Poro, and Tom.
The supporters are usually five people,
but when you go to the area,
you'll have fewer non-capable supporters,
and more givers.
Oh?
Huh?
Rudo!
I heard about your help!
You were so mean!
You did something terrible to your friends!
I'll make you pay for it!
I love people who have passionate thoughts!
Are you okay with that?
Stop it, Belmon.
I was invited by Enjin.
In other words, I'm from Akuta.
I'm sorry, Rudo.
You're a good person.
But...
I also like people who have passionate thoughts.
Then, why don't you show us
how passionate you are?
Kamu-Tau!
Ganba-Stau!
K-K-Kamu...
Kewashi-Michi!
That's what I'm waiting for!
But you won't lose!
Because we are
the Monk!
Yeah!
AAAAAAAAHHHHH!
AAAAAAHHHHHH!
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!
AAAAAAAAHHHHH!
Hey!
You're going to the bridge!
I'm going to kill you!
Get out of the way!
Set point!
ancestral music
work from the SP ooh
ah
music
Покака
I see.
So this is how the rest of the world looks like.
The big city is usually a dome.
It's to protect itself from the Poiste of the Heavens.
Poiste?
Yes. The garbage that the Heavens throw away.
Most of the people who live in a slum without being able to live in the city are crushed by the rain of garbage.
You don't have to worry about that, Ludo.
It's their fault that they've let go of that habit.
Huh?
What's wrong with me?
Huh? What are you doing?
Well, this town is weird.
Huh?
The door. It's open, but I can't get in.
What?
It's not like that.
Seriously, what's going on?
It's okay, Ludo. Come in normally.
If you don't have any strange ideas in this town, you're free to go.
Wait up!
Can't you just shut up and sit down?
Bracken is right here.
What is she talking about?
I don't know...
This city is in front of me.
blob g poco fait
This place is amazing.
There are people who draw everywhere in the world, but there are also people who don't like it.
That's why it was created so that everyone could draw freely. It's this canvas town.
The number of paintings is increasing every time I come. Really, the whole city is canvas.
In the past, Corvus said that it was called a city of art.
Oh, Delmo, there's a painting.
Huh? Did you come to see a painting?
No, I came to see a painter-type giver who is active in this town.
His ability is to add a painting to what he has drawn.
Add a painting?
Hmm, that's right.
For example, I can make the wall attack the other side once.
What do you mean?
If you draw a picture on this wall, it will be like this.
Oh, that's right.
That's it.
Two guys who couldn't get into the city.
The people who have evil intentions in the wall of the city have a magic that can't be used, so they couldn't get in.
They must have been doing something wrong.
There are really many ways to use it.
But their human nature is unusual.
It's not his thing.
They're all dragged along.
Oops!
Sorry.
Are you okay?
Huh?
Oh!
The engine made me cry.
What?
The engine made me cry!
Oh, no!
It was faster than I thought, cleaner.
Huh?
Oh, Chouchou!
I thought you were at home as usual.
I asked Gobu for magic again, but where are you today?
Gobu?
That's right.
Huh?
He died this morning.
Oh, no!
He's dead.
He's dead!
He died.
No!
He's not dead!
人体汚染だ。ゴブは安全域だけで満足できず、汚染域にまで絵を描きに行っていた。
きっと描くのが楽しくて、何度もマスクを外していたんだろう。
あれだけマスクをつけろと注意してたのに。
ゴブは、自分の目の前にいる。
よく見ておけよ、ルド。あいつはゴブ。自分のやりたいことをブレずにやり続けてる男だ。
すまないな、来て早々こんなことになっちまって。
いいんだよ、俺らは。
だから気にするなよ。下界ではよくある死因だ。
実は、相続にはもう決まっていてな。
代々この人気を引き継ぐ者。
相続人は必ず先代が選ぶんだ。
どういう基準で選んでいるかは知らん。
絵の上手さなのか、もっと奥深い何かなのか。
ただ、選ばれた者はこのペンを引き継ぐと必ずギバーとして能力に目覚め、
マジナイアとして生まれる。
何かが必要なのは、
自分の目の前にいる。
何が必要なのか、
何か必要なのか、
何が必要なのか切られてしまった。
何が必要なのか、
何か必要なのか、
何が必要なのか成り立っている。
今回の遊戯業に最も drowning in love paragraph
夜勿に寄り添える歴史。
星の明るさを探しているそれを、
気uwない。
Will he be able to withstand this pressure?
Some people can become a giver easily.
You have to spend time and care about something to become a giver.
But people with high standards as givers
can become a giver as soon as they get the right thing.
It's about the quality of a person's talent.
Well, if you say it like Zanka, that's also a talent.
Before talent, the reputation of a person's talent is very rare.
Well, yeah.
The reputation of a person's talent...
Enjin, I'm sorry, but this is going to take a little while.
Don't worry about us.
Remlin was very fond of Gobu.
He was like a big brother to him.
But then, all of a sudden, he became like this.
Gobu really enjoyed drawing.
He didn't care about his complaints.
He really enjoyed drawing as much as he liked.
I couldn't draw, but I wanted to protect the landscape,
so I became the president of this town.
That's right.
He was the kind of person who came to the cleaning shop,
drew whatever he wanted, and went home on his own.
Even the smile when he ran away,
I couldn't bear it anymore.
Well, we'll leave you two here.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
Remlin, was it?
We'll come again to play.
Take care.
Bye.
See you around.
Done!
It's over.
It has ended!
Bron boots are here!
O n N !
Oh, wow!
I'm sorry.
Huh?
Renburi?
I knew it.
It was so hard for Gob to die.
It was sad.
But I'm sure that even if everyone died,
Gob wouldn't be able to enjoy himself in that world.
That's why...
That's why!
Uum!
I'm glad.
I want to save my friends!
But...
I need to take care of people.
I really need to take care of myself.
I have to cut them off.
Metal!
I don't like to be seen
A favor!
Hey!
You're the one who's gonna get me
And I will never be the one
That comes to get me
Hey!
You're the one who's gonna
Ah, no
Hand me that
And you have to
You're though
You're ready
You're nihil
ancestor
Hi
How is it
You're big
No, that's okay
I'm waiting for freedom.